Update "What network bandwidth does Lambda GPU Cloud provide?" (#147)
LambdaLabs/lambda-docs: content/en/cloud/network-bandwidth.md

- faq/network-bandwidth
---

## Texas, USA region (us-south-1)

> All of the instances in
> our Texas, USA region (us-south-1) share two symmetric 10 Gbps connections to
> the Internet, providing both redundancy and throughput of up to 20 Gbps.
> 
> Internally, many of our servers have a 200 Gbps connection to our data
> center's network. Some of our servers have a 20 Gbps connection, shared by up
> to 8 instances.

Author: Can this be revised to match how the info for us-west-2 and us-east-1 is presented? (The bandwidth figures, below, probably need to be corrected.)

```suggestion
The bandwidth between instances in our Texas, USA region (us-south-1) is          
approximately 200 Gbps.                                                       
                                                                              
Bandwidth to the Internet is approximately 20 Gbps.
```

Reviewer: Definitely can't say that (`approximately 200gbps`). At the very least it has to be `up to` 200gbps.

Author: Okay. I can commit the suggestion then change _approximately_ to _up to_.

Also, I have the note saying _Real-world network bandwidth depends on a variety of factors, including the total number of connections opened by your applications._ I think that adequately informs that the numbers we provide _can_ be attained but that's definitely not guaranteed.

## Arizona, USA region (us-west-2)

> 

Reviewer: I'd probably skip the private vs public comparison, the difference is negligent, though I'd mention a recommendation to use private IPs for instance communication inside the same region and public IPs for instances in different regions.

Author: I created #168 to add your recommendation.
